api/tbcapi: improve protocol documentation (#356)
hemilabs/heminetwork: api/tbcapi/README.md

with the `tbcd` daemon. The client provides a command-line interface for all supported RPC commands.

---

## 📚 Resources

For developers looking to integrate or extend functionality:
- View the raw Go types used in TBC's RPC commands: [View `tbcapi.go`](tbcapi.go)
- Check our [contribution guidelines](../../CONTRIBUTING.md)
- Review our [security policy](../../SECURITY.md)

---

## 📡 Protocol

The **RPC protocol** is WebSocket-based and follows a standard request/response model. All communications are done via JSON messages. For more detailed information,
refer to the [protocol documentation](../protocol/README.md).

### 🚫 Errors

If an error occurs during a request, the response payload will include an `error` value containing the following
details:

| Field       | Description                                                                          | Example |
|-------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| `timestamp` | The time at which the error occurred, in Unix seconds.                               | `1679198400` |

> | `trace`     | A unique string for tracing errors between server and client (internal errors only). | `err_xyz123` |

Reviewer: The `trace` in errors is usually 8 random bytes, encoded as a hexadecimal string ([`github.com/hemilabs/heminetwork/api/protocol.Errorf`](https://github.com/hemilabs/heminetwork/blob/316d517ab2aa4f8931caf958fe78a84e128d58db/api/protocol/protocol.go#L187-L195)).

I think providing an example in this format, whilst it doesn't matter too much, could prevent any confusion with the trace string:
```suggestion
| `trace`     | A unique string for tracing errors between server and client (internal errors only). | `804d952f893e686c` |
```
